README.md, before:

# Compose w3 design

<!--- Replace <OWNER> with your Github Username and <REPOSITORY> with the name of your repository. -->
<!--- You can find both of these in the url bar when you open your repository in github. -->
![Workflow result](https://github.com/timo-drick/compose_dev_challenge_3/workflows/Check/badge.svg)


## :scroll: Description
<!--- Describe your app in one or two sentences -->


## :bulb: Motivation and Context
Just implemented the design as fast as possible


## :camera_flash: Screenshots
<!-- You can add more screenshots here if you like -->
<img src="/results/start_light.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/login_light.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/screenshot_2.png" width="260">
<img src="/results/start_dark.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/login_dark.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/screenshot_1.png" width="260">

## License
```
Copyright 2020 The Android Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

fixed some problems on home screen bottom bar. Cleanup code.

README.md, after:

# Compose w3 design

<!--- Replace <OWNER> with your Github Username and <REPOSITORY> with the name of your repository. -->
<!--- You can find both of these in the url bar when you open your repository in github. -->
![Workflow result](https://github.com/timo-drick/compose_dev_challenge_3/workflows/Check/badge.svg)


## :scroll: Description
Implemented mock design as accurate as i can.
Simply flow from start screen -> login screen -> home screen


## :bulb: Motivation and Context
Just implemented the design as fast as possible


## :camera_flash: Screenshots
<!-- You can add more screenshots here if you like -->
<img src="/results/start_light.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/login_light.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/screenshot_2.png" width="260">
<img src="/results/start_dark.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/login_dark.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/screenshot_1.png" width="260">

## License
```
Copyright 2020 The Android Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
